How to publish an app to the app stores (#17)
bcgov/mobile-developer-guide: docs/publish.md

> # Publish your app

Reviewer: add in intro sentence describing this page

Author: ```suggestion
# Publish your app

This page describes how to setup your CI/CD pipeline to upload your app to App Store Connect and Play Console.
```

## Distribution methods

> See the [Mobile App Distribution Methods](distribution_methods.md)  page for an overview of app distribution.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
Review [Mobile App Distribution Methods](distribution_methods.md) for an overview of app distribution.
```

Reviewer: we can simply link to other pages, we don't need to say "see this other page"

## CI/CD

> Let the [Developer Experience](contact.md) team know your app will use a CI/CD pipeline to upload your app. We will give you access to the necessary API keys.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
Let the [Developer Experience](contact.md) team know if your app will use a CI/CD pipeline to upload your app. We'll give you access to the necessary API keys.
```

> See the [bc-wallet-mobile](https://github.com/bcgov/bc-wallet-mobile/) project as an example of an app using GitHub Actions to upload to both app stores.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
 The [bc-wallet-mobile](https://github.com/bcgov/bc-wallet-mobile/) project is a good example of an app using GitHub Actions to upload to both app stores.
```

## App Store Connect

Let us know if you plan to:

> 1. upload the build, or,

Reviewer: ```suggestion
1. Upload the build
```

> 1. upload the build and ship it to TestFlight

Reviewer: ```suggestion
or
1. Upload the build and ship it to TestFlight
```

> The answer to the above will determine which API Key to use.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
The upload path you pick determines which API Key to use. 
```

> The bcgov GitHub organization stores the [App Store Connect API](https://developer.apple.com/documentation/appstoreconnectapi) keys as secrets. Send the [Developer Experience](contact.md) team your repo name and we will give it access to those secrets.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
The bcgov GitHub organization stores the [App Store Connect API](https://developer.apple.com/documentation/appstoreconnectapi) keys as secrets. Send the [Developer Experience](contact.md) team your repo name and we'll give it access to those secrets.
```

> You can use [codemagic-cli-tools](https://docs.codemagic.io/knowledge-codemagic/codemagic-cli-tools/) to upload your app. See the [bc-wallet-mobile](https://github.com/bcgov/bc-wallet-mobile/) project as an example.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
You can use [codemagic-cli-tools](https://docs.codemagic.io/knowledge-codemagic/codemagic-cli-tools/) to upload your app. Use the [bc-wallet-mobile](https://github.com/bcgov/bc-wallet-mobile/) project as an example.
```

Reviewer: might be cleaner to just mention the BC Wallet example once

Author: ```suggestion
You can use [codemagic-cli-tools](https://docs.codemagic.io/knowledge-codemagic/codemagic-cli-tools/) to upload your app. 
```

Author: removed mention of BC Wallet as suggested

## Play Console

> See the [Developer Experience](contact.md) team to setup your API Key to the Play Console.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
Contact the [Developer Experience](contact.md) team to setup your API Key to the Play Console.
```

> You can use the `npx @bcgov/gpublish` package to upload your app. See the [bc-wallet-mobile](https://github.com/bcgov/bc-wallet-mobile/) project as an example.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
You can use the `npx @bcgov/gpublish` package to upload your app. 
```

Reviewer: see above comment. can just mention the example once

# Publish your app

> This page describes how to setup your CI/CD pipeline to upload your app to App Store Connect and Play Console.

Reviewer: change to: Learn how to setup your CI/CD pipeline to upload your app to App Store Connect and Play Console.
